Hello future student. I have taken CSC 392 in the past. I thoroughly enjoyed this course as it offered a perspective of computer systems that I have never realized. I highly recommend sticking with this course.

However, this is not a course you can simply "go through the motions" and succeed in. Asking questions and really ensuring you understand the material if vital to success. 

This course uses a badge system for grading. I recommend making sure you understand the requirements in the grading/badging system to clear up any confusion that may arise sooner rather than later. During the initial weeks of this course, I did not fully comprehend how the grading worked, and it wasn't until maybe the start of October until I fully understood how we are graded. This lack of understanding made me not realize how important it was to work on assignments right away. Speaking of....

After each class, you will notice "review" and "practice" badges with todays date. To make these badges easier for you, you REALLY should make time after class (the same day) to work on these badges, as the material from that class session is still fresh in your mind. I made the mistake of starting practice/review badges 1 to 2 weeks AFTER the class session, and it made it more difficult working on the badges. If I had just began working on these badges on the same day the badges were released, it would have been much easier, and it would have offered more opportunities to ask for help if needed. Sure, in theory you can "get away" with not working on badges right away, but the benefit of working immediately outshines procrastination. Because I was not working on badges sooner than later, I would have to spend time reading through the posted notes for that class session to reiterate material. I could have saved this time if I had worked on the badges right away.

Another piece of advice I can give to success in CSC392 is to plan your workload. Make a plan with dates and times that you WILL work on badges for the course and STICK TO IT. If you give yourself a planned schedule, it will be easier for you and you will not fall behind and have to play catch up at the end of the semester. I had made a plan at the start of the semester, but it was not too long until I was no longer following my plan and sort of just working on badges when I had the opportunity. Sticking to my original plan would have made assignments easier because then I would have been much more organized with what I had to work on. Sticking to the plan will help you stay caught up with the class. Playing catch up at the end of the semester is unneeded stress that can be avoided with strategic planning and commitment to the plan. 
